hey Justin's mom can we go to
chick-fil-a because I am starving sure
because my son has no time to make lunch
so let's go hi I'm Fay anyways welcome
to chick-fil-a what would you and your
daughter would like to order I would
like a chicken sandwich medium waffle
fries and a large sprite and I would
like a spicy chicken sandwich large
waffle fries chicken breasts a large
coke and the cookies and cream milkshake
too bad Adriana but the cookies and
cream milkshakes were sold out really oh
come on but don't feel bad the
strawberry milkshakes are still
available okay I want that one instead
why Adriana that was very smart
we'll have that to go please okay here
you go have a nice day why Adriana you
did very very very very very very very
very very great but what about that girl
in the red shirt I saw her attacking her
mother okay let's watch what happened
back at the chick-fil-a restaurant mom I
said I wanted a spicy chicken sandwich
medium fries a large coke and a cookies
and cream milkshake right now fora the
clerk said that the cookies and cream
milkshakes were sold out you can either
get a strawberry milkshake or nothing at
all
oh why don't you just engage me engage
me engage me engage we engage we engage
we engage we engage we engage we engage
me right here at chick-fil-a oh my god
fora you are a spoiled brat we're going
home right now
you're grounded until March 2016 no
don't don't don't don't don't don't
don't don't don't don't no mommy mommy
mommy please give me another chance
I'll be good I will behave me
alternative super daisies lucky
alternative super Rosalina's Aki and
alternative super toadette sake just
came back from the movies anyways I
would like to get a chicken Sam
with medium waffle fries and medium cook
and a strawberry milkshake
I would like to get the chick-fil-a
chicken nuggets small waffle fries a
large Pepsi and a strawberry milkshake I
would like to get a spicy chicken
sandwich large waffle fries a large coke
and a strawberry milkshake and I would
like to get the chick-fil-a chicken
breast medium waffle fries a medium coke
and a strawberry milkshake as well okay
here you go
thanks for choosing chick-fil-a have a
nice day
Adriana since you'd behaved at
chick-fil-a you're ungrounded forever
you can do that ever you want oh my
goodness
thanks Justin's mom you are the best
parent ever